Hey, good morning family!
We're excited to be here today.
We're going to do a video together.
We want to talk about being thankful.
It was just on my heart; the Lord told me, 'Brandon, part of the things that the people are believing for manifestation for will come out of being thankful.
' This is just where we are, and this is what we practice: walking in thanksgiving.
I want to get right to the message.
We were just talking, and I was trying to make it a casual thing of just what we're thinking about.
Megan: we're believing for Megan to be healed, for the manifestation of her complete healing.
We see she's starting to talk a little; words here and there.
Diana's taught her how to say—what have you been teaching her?
'In the name of Jesus, I am healed.
' Yeah, she goes around and says that all the time.
Megan says that now.
She goes around the house saying, 'In the name of Jesus, I am healed.
' And what was the other thing we work on?
'I have the mind of Christ.
' Yep, and Megan walks around—we start, and Megan finishes—'I have the mind of Christ.
' We're seeing the manifestations of those scriptures come to pass in her life.
I'm seeing it in her behavior.
I thought if we could just get a little fraction of the Word inside of her, it would change her.
Diana started trying to help her, and it's been amazing to see God just take a little bit of scripture.
She doesn't say the whole thing, but 'Christ, Christ.
' That's how she started, just saying 'Christ, Christ.
' Then I was adding a word every time and I worked with it over weeks and months.
She's finally got it down now.
But she got that down back: 'Christ, mind, Christ.
' It's amazing; mind, Christ, mind, Christ.
It's prayer coming into fruition.
It's amazing because, like I said, a lot of people, if you don't see your miracle manifest instantaneously, it's not a miracle for you.
'Well, God didn't hear me.
' But sometimes miracles are gradual.
Regardless of whether it's gradual and it takes years, or if it takes days, it's still a miracle.
God is faithful, so you can't give up hope.
Sometimes it takes a process.
I believe with all my heart she's healed now, manifestation now, but we're walking it out.
We're not giving up hope.
I just wanted to encourage you all that even in our life, you might think, 'These people have their stuff all together and they're spiritually so strong.
' We're a work in progress just like you all.
We have a special needs child, and she's been potty trained now—we're grateful—and the Lord is working a miracle in her.
It's been a process.
I believe in God she's going to wake up tomorrow and she's going to talk in full sentences, come on here and tell you all her testimony.
But right now we're taking baby steps.
We're excited.
We have the mind of Christ.
Diana's more working in it, and so we just want to encourage you all today with that miracle.
Because where she was, folks—I'm telling you—they said she would never talk, she would never have a normal life; they gave up on her.
Every little thing we rejoice on; we give God all the glory and all the praise.
It's the biggest deal, even small, tiny things, because that's how you get to the big things: a bunch of little baby steps makes big progress.
And being thankful for the small things—don't just go, 'Whatever, it's just a small thing.
' Like one time I was riding with somebody and the lady at the cash register handed them a free cup of coffee.
I went, 'Praise God, you just got blessed with a free cup of coffee!
' And the person said to me, 'Oh, I don't sweat the small things.
' I went, 'Hold on a minute.
If you don't rejoice over the small things, you won't rejoice over the big things either.
' You've got to grasp a hold of even a small cup of coffee.
You've got to get excited when God blesses you with five cents.
You can't say, 'I'll be excited when I get a million dollars.
' If you can't get excited over the dollar—come on, folks—we've got to be grateful for everything.
And that's what I'm trying to get across: it's being grateful.
I have to go back to even when I was telling you I'm believing for a house, believing for this, believing for that—being thankful for what He's already given you.
There are times I murmur and complain in my heart and I get upset about things; you murmur and complain, you whine about it, and I have to stop.
'Father, just thank You.
Thank You that today we had a meal.
Thank You, Father, that You provided lights for my home.
Thank You, Lord, that I have a YouTube channel.
Thank You, Father, that these people even come on here and even want to listen to me.
' It's humbling.
'Lord, thank You for all the kind words they give me.
I know, Lord, it's not me, it's all You, and I give You all the glory for it.
' But they tune in, and I'm thankful for every single one of them.
It's very interesting just taking and being grateful for the small things.
You may think, 'I don't have anything to be grateful for,' but you say, 'I'm thankful for the air that I breathe.
I'm thankful for my sight.
I'm thankful I have ears.
' Find something in your life today to give God praise for.
Be grateful that you have life, the opportunity that you woke up this morning to breathe.
You may be in pain, but something might not hurt.
Maybe your toe doesn't hurt.
'Thank You, Father, my toe doesn't hurt.
It could be cut off.
Thank You, I have a toe.
Thank You, I have an earlobe.
Thank You, Father, I have an eyebrow.
' Find something to give Him praise for today regardless of how bad you think you've got it.
It doesn't matter how small you think it is; it's big to God.
God's a good God and He deserves all our praise.
Even if it's for a star you find in the sky: 'God, I thank You for that star right there.
Thank You, Father, for that star.
I thank You for the tires on my car.
I thank You for the dirt I walked on today.
' If you don't have anything else to be thankful for, thank Him for something.
Amen.
When you start doing that, you'll start seeing miracles manifest in your life.
You'll start seeing outpourings of the Spirit of God.
God's looking for a heart who's perfect towards Him, and that is a grateful heart, a cheerful heart, a heart that's full of joy and thankfulness.
It isn't easy to do it all the time.
I have to catch myself and go back; I get in my prayer time and I go, 'Oh God, I'm sorry.
I've been fussy today, had a bad attitude today.
I shouldn't have been so ungrateful for what You have.
' He'll tell me, 'Brandon, really, what's your problem?
' I'll say, 'Well, I'm irritated about this and this.
' He says, 'But I've given you so much.
I've blessed you so much.
Why can't you take time to thank Me for that?
' When the Lord asks you that...
'God, forgive me.
Forgive me, Lord.
' You want to crawl underneath a rock.
We all have our issues.
But I'm just trying to tell y'all something that we have to do with Megan, and we're thanking Him for this.
It's a big deal to us.
You understand what I'm saying?
You live it with me.
Yeah, you're stirring me up.
It's so good.
It's time to be more thankful.
I feel His presence.
Thank You, Lord.
I don't want to just always come on here and preach to y'all; I just want to tell y'all—just being real—just being grateful will do a lot in your life.
I know it seems like some days are really hard, but what I'm telling you right now works, for He inhabits the praise of His people, and when praises go up, blessings come down.
If you take your eyes off of yourself...
I even heard this when I traveled with Benny Hinn.
When we'd go in the back room and we'd pray for the people in the back—if they took their eyes off of begging God...
if you're begging, you're not believing.
If you're begging God for your miracle, you're not believing.
When you take your eyes off of yourself and you start praying for somebody else, that is usually when the manifestations start coming quickly.
When you're consumed with yourself, worried about 'I'm dying, stage four cancer, I only have a couple of days to live, I've got to have a miracle right now,' He knows what you need.
But when they took their focus off of their need and started focusing on praying for other people's needs, their manifestation instantaneously came.
Those miracles were real.
When I ushered, I'm telling you, the manifestations of the glory of God...
I've never felt them in a meeting like I did whenever I was with Benny Hinn.
I was an anointing junkie.
I met Diana at a Bible study, but we started going to Benny Hinn services and traveling when we first got married, ushering and helping out.
We had our own needs, barely making it financially, but we were hungry and desperate.
I learned a lot.
If you think you can achieve something by trying to be self-righteous—God can't stand self-righteousness.
It is nasty to Him.
So you've got to know that it's by grace you're saved through faith, and any miracle you ever get from God is because of His grace.
His mercy is new every morning and great is His faithfulness to His children.
You can't achieve righteousness because He's the one that does it all; He paid the price for you.
Thank You, Jesus.
Don't give up on what you're believing for.
He said to me, 'Son, remember the video you just did about believing Me for big things in 2024?
A lot of my kids already have given up on it.
You're only four weeks into the year and they've already given up on their dream.
' I want you to brush it off, blow it off, dust it off—it's only four weeks old—and believe Him again.
Touch that hem of His garment.
Believing for your house, believing for your spouse, believing for your miracle.
God has a plan for your life.
Latch onto it like the woman with the issue of blood.
Say, 'I'm not letting go of this until I get my miracle.
' Part of it is being thankful for what you have.
I felt it in my heart to finish this off today to tell you all: God loves you, and we love you.
We pray for you all the time.
Diana gets behind the computer and reads your emails.
We take it very seriously—this gift what God's given us, our congregation.
When you want to bless us with finances, we pray for your money; we pray for harvest, for abundance, for new jobs, creative ideas to get wealth.
We believe in the supernatural in this household.
God shows up and shows off.
He is ruling and reigning inside of you.
Good things are ahead for you if you believe.
2024 will be a good year for you.
What are you believing for?
What are you thankful for?
My wife, my kids, my health.
Even when I'm overcoming something, I'm thankful, 'Father, You've healed me.
' I thank You, Father, that You've set me free from obesity.
Greater is He that is in me than he that is in the world!
Click the like button, the subscribe button, and our notification bell.
It helps us get the Gospel out.
It's the algorithm.
When you do that, the Gospel is spreading throughout the whole world.
Africa, Australia, Europe, Japan, China—this channel is touching their lives.
People getting born again, people turning from homosexuality to give their heart to Jesus, wayward children coming home.
People are getting healed, delivered from demonic spirits.
It's because of you all clicking that like button.
We don't take any one of you all for granted.
God bless y'all.
Let's pray real quick.
'Father, we thank You for every single person who's part of this YouTube channel.
Diana and I agree in the name of Jesus that they are blessed from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
You said in Your Word that You'd meet all their needs, and I thank You, God, that You're a faithful God and You bring that harvest to them now.
Thank You, Lord, for jobs and better jobs.
Thank You, Lord, for food for their homes and for their bills being paid.
But Lord, I thank You for the overflow, that they're living in abundance to the extreme, that they've got so much they're able to help the people around them.
We're a funnel, a pitcher to pour out and help everybody else.
Lord, I thank You for creative ideas to get wealth.
But Lord, I thank You that they may need healing in their body.
You paid the price for that too.
By Your stripes we are healed.
I speak healing and wholeness over their bodies today in the name of Jesus.
Throats be healed.
Congestion and viruses, be gone.
Deliverance over their bodies.
Oh, somebody needs new...
I just saw it...
something going on with your blood.
I speak healing over your blood right now.
It's leukemia.
The Lord said leukemia.
I curse leukemia right now in the name of Jesus and we call it to go now.
Healing belongs to you.
You're not underneath the curse.
God doesn't teach people through sickness and disease.
The Bible says He comes that you might have life more abundantly.
He doesn't have sickness in heaven, so He can't give it to you.
The devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
He took all infirmities so that you don't have to have them.
Jesus paid it for you.
Sow a seed, believing for a manifestation of healing.
Father, I take authority over leukemia right now.
Get out of their body right now in Jesus' name.
We call them healed and whole and well.
Lord, anybody else that needs a miracle, You have made and paid the way.
We consider it done.
We call them healed from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
God, You fixed it all.
If you got a miracle today, comment down below.
Tell the people.
We are excited for you.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
See you next time.
Have a blessed and wonderful day.
Bye!